Welcome back to another developer fundamental.
What is it.
It's to test your assumptions what I mean by this.
Well anytime you learn something something new maybe something I'm teaching you or something other instructor
or book or resource is teaching you you want to test your understanding and your assumptions because
you don't want to have any magic black box that things are happening that you don't understand.
You want to know how things are working so you can explain it to people.
For example remember how I said that self is referring to this player character class.
How can we test this assumption with code well if I had just learned what self is what I would do is
to say to myself well I want to see self.
I want to know what it is.
You know what I'm going to return here self and actually see what's going to give me right.
I it's code I can return self if I want to.
Well let's do that let's create this player character.
Yes I'm 100 years old.
And then here we'll do player dot run.
Let's do a print here and click Run.
All right.
So the self is the player character that I created which is player 1 which is located here OK.
So although this is a simple example what I'm doing as I'm learning is to test my assumption is that
what I expected before I even run this code I like to think my head.
What do you think is going to happen.
And if there's a mismatch and I get something returned that I do understand well then maybe I look into
it.
For example this underscore underscore mean I still don't really know what this is.
Why is it is this here.
I mean it has to be there for a reason.
Right.
And that's something that we're actually going to talk about later on in the course when we talk about
modules.
So hang in there.
But the way that learning happens in an accelerated fashion is when you don't just take my word for
it because if you do that you don't fully grasp the concept.
The idea is to test and test yourself as well and your understanding and say if my assumption is that
self is referring to the object that we create how can we tested.
And this is a great skill that a great programmer has.
So hopefully in future lessons when I'm teaching you something you test those assumptions you test your
learning through methods like this.
I'll see you in the next one.